# Randomly Generated Items Rewrite

This is a rewrite of the [Randomly Generated Items](https://thunderstore.io/package/HIFUPulse/RandomlyGeneratedItems/) mod by HIFU and Pseudopulse. Made with permission.

## Changelog

**2.0.4**

* Add a handful of special effects that only appear on equipment, never on normal items.
* Fix the Chain Lightning effect
* Fix the "Upon getting healed, receive healing..." effect combination crashing the game.
* Fix barrier nerf from 2.0.3 not actually working

**2.0.3**

* Fix armor items only giving 1% of their listed effect
* Blacklist the combination of "While not moving..." and "...gain movement speed"
* Attempt to nerf barrier by making it decay increasingly fast when above the cap

**2.0.2**

* Fixed many item effects, including most passive item effects, not working for non-host players in multiplayer
* Fixed many triggered explosions and projectiles dealing far less damage than they should

**2.0.1**

* Removed Noop (Don't worry about it)

**2.0.0**

* Release of Randomly Generated Items Rewrite.
* Rewrite most of the code with a new easily-expandable system.
* Fix a large number of bugs.
* Add Void and Equipment random items.
* The number of items that generate of each tier is now seperately configurable.
* Significantly increase variety of possible random effects.
* Reduce how often restrictive conditions appear on items to reduce how many items are effectively useless.
* When restrictive conditions do appear on items, the items' effects will be strengthed to compensate for the limitations.
* Reduce how often 'gives the player barrier' appears as an effect.
* Attempt to make items more balanced - remains to be seen how effective that is.
* Item sprites and models now are generated with colors and appearances that reflect what the item actually does.
* Items are now visible in the logbook from the beginning, so you can see what items have been generated if you wish, and you can use the Inspect Item mechanic on new random items you find.
* Items are now tied to an expansion that you can enable or disable on the character select screen.
* Adds an artifact called the 'Artifact of Frivolity' that, if enabled, disables all non-random items from generating. Note that this will cause all sources of Lunar items to give nothing, since Lunar items are not (yet) generated by the mod.

**1.0.0**

* Release of original Randomly Generated Items mod.
